our view there are an event that you're given an opportunity to live overseas
I would say short answer everything get everything ready I'm
not sure what you'll what that encompasses for you for me it was a
total total life changer a lot of people don't bring their cars over
there so you need to have to decide to sell your car or you know leave
it was someone so that they can maintain it some people have properties
so you have to decide whether to sell that property or put it
up for rent which means you have to find a property manager or find
someone to help take care of it your phone changes because your own
totally different networks than you are they did from being over here
in the US as opposed to being in Spain or Japan everything everything's
going to change but that's something that you know you sit down
with your command leadership and you you you dig into these things
and say Hey you know try to answer the questions before their ****
even family wise what were the living options for a spouse for your
spouse and for your children into paying or your cruise girl you know
at least mmhm sailors with dependence that were required to live
on on base so you know a lot of people you know had their children
in school and their families lived in on base with so those are things
that you have to ask the yourself ask a question before forget says
and sometimes unfortunately things fall between the cracks because
no one thought about it but it's up to you as the service member to
do that